\section{Discussion/Conclusions}\label{S:5}
Text introducing this subsection
Interpret your solution physically,
what we learn from it,
comment on strengths and weaknesses of the solution method,
any nice features you want to brag about,
possible ways to improve it (e.g. how to make it more accurate, more efficient).

Part I
The different solutions for using a computer to solve a non-stiff equation all had their strengths and weaknesses. From
the beginning, Euler's Method was the easiest to implement and also was the closest to the estimated exact solution
using MATLAB's ode45 method. However, both the Implicit Euler's Method and the Implicit Trapezoidal Method required
auxiliary hand-derived equations to work properly which means that the computational time analysis for these solution
methods is misleading. That said, the Implicit Euler Method was both the most exact and the fastest for the estimation
of a non-stiff equation. When solving stiff equations, the best method is any of the Runge-Kutta methods because they
work quickly, are almost as accurate as the other methods, and work for any number of ODE's in the original problem set.

Part II
The solution for Sergio Rinaldi's emotional cycles was interesting in that the three emotions peaked and fell together,
even though they were different emotions about different people. The RK45 method used to estimate the solutions for the
three dependent differentials was very accurate, and modeled the situation very well. The Runge-Kutta Method worked very quickly and
efficiently, and the differentials themselves created some really interesting curves when plotted against each other.

Part III
The solution of the Lorenz equations is best modeled in a 3-Dimensional environment due to the nature of the problem.
The problem itself is based on the chaotic nature of many systems where the initial conditions are not known. The
equations used for this paper represent a simplified model of atmospheric convection wherein the fluid layer is
uniformly heated from one side and uniformly cooled from the other. The 3D model represents an estimation of the
convection pattern over time, where the fluid makes a two-lobed curve throughout the space. The number of curves and
the distance between the bands of the curves changes chaotically based on the initial values used and the constants
used in the differential equations (10, 28, and 8/3 in this paper). The 2D model of the three solutions over time
shows the rapid oscillation of the fluid, where the fluid crosses over its previous path many times over and does not
move in a repeating or uniform pattern, at least over the interval [0, 20]. The Adams-Bashfoth-Moulton method is able to
estimate the solution very accurately, but problems arose due to the fact that it requires four initial points to get
started. Additionally, a step size of 0.01 was required in order for the system to not break with numbers that were
essentially positive or negative infinity. However it was a very nice solving method that worked very quickly and
required little computational power, even with over 2000 steps and three dependent equations.